hello everyone has been really looking
the trailer the edge of town ' so I
I see in the need of full dawn
to be preparing a video this video
has brought many questions about why
ironman fights with July because the
twins are from the ultra or because you
girlfriend has nothing about marvin good
I will give to give my opinion or some possible
theories based on what was seen in the trailer
in this my first analysis of the trailer
of avengers' and their future first there is a
short picture of the avengers with clothes
casual of celebrating I think the first
part of the movie they will attack the
air base in search of the baron bone
our archer facing through
those quiksilver and it's carl lewis
producer your victory will meet
celebrating and well this is the supposed
party where they raise the hammer but
failed to decipher who are the two
women who are present one in blue
and one red one could be Maria Hill
for being currently working for
tony stark and the other could be jane
Foster to be the partner of Ford but not
it seems and rumors say that she and
strengthen
in good gossip or think that you could
be but another scene that impact is seeing
to bruce way in the snow and see it
transported on the ship while his
comrades have anguish face I think
that in this raid to the base of ay
trans will show that hull loses
control perhaps facing the powers
of scarlett widget but at the moment no
It will be nothing serious but something worrisome
the trailer has also shown us to
another with another more human face today of
I imagine it will be your final transformation
then have incorporated and vibrate johnny
your body to become more powerful a
troll will show three different
appearances in the movie in his
constant evolution I imagine that the
Avengers will form different teams
to try to stop them the scene more
epic of the trailer shows us a fight
in the city ​​between iron man and hulk
this is more than everything because the hall
booster is really amazing though
many confused igor one of the
ironman armor with which buster
what is seen in the trailer is honestly
impressive maybe again we
banner loses control and this time
ironman must stop them because in the
city there are many people exposed there are two
scenes that confuse a little
one is a ballet scene that maybe
be part of black widow's past and
others the capi walking among people of
its time all this I think it 's part of
the powers of the scarlet witch
distorting their reality
the alliance between a train and air is
possible or perhaps quiksilver and is that
talk a lot that they continue to help
kind of revenge student though this
it's less likely because they are
under the control of the foreign baron to
through the center of what there is a
scene that reminds me a lot and vegueta
when they beat an advanced cooler only
to realize that there are hundreds of
they seem to me that we will see a little
that the cry of a scarlet group
can announce the death of an avenger
although it would be very obvious to think that it is
principle file in my theory that
it could be play as a character that
has surprised
andy serkis that is possibly a
slave since it has confirmed the
black panther movie and other
needs to be updated you know what
Huacana is the place where the
live and I think he could have hired
an army and attacked the inhabitants
as shown
after being defeated he can return as
villain in the panther movie
good black in the scene of the broken shield
does not tell us that capi dies since
will appear in captain america 3 but it is
obvious that it is a great power that is
are facing I have not seen in the
trailer the vision and maybe it's already but
not with his characteristic costume so
we'll have to wait a bit to see it
although I imagine that it will only appear almost
at the end of the movie with the key to
how to beat last and the last thing
I want to mention is that the actions of
Tony Stark has generated a bit of
confrontation between the avengers that
maybe they separate at the end of the
movie
well this video I did very fast so
that the greetings and the next video
I'll post this afternoon because I'm
finishing editing it is a joy to
I share my opinion on the
movie although I won some
tremendous dark circles for making the video like this
I hope you share it and leave your
comment with what you think you can
happen in the movie I say goodbye with the
message well because with marvel of how
the video was leaked because of era 2
mf and up